♪ Boop, boop-boop-boop-boop ♪
(Song: Roppongi ~GIROPPON~ by Nezumi Senpai)
♪ Boop ♪
♪ Booop ♪
♪ Boop, boop-boop-boop-boop-boop-boop ♪
♪ Boop, boop, boop ♪
♪ Boooop ♪
♪ Boop-boop-boop-boop-boop-boop ♪
♪ Boop, boop! ♪
Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
Man, I got a lot of messages saying "We want to see other hairstyles of you!"
You guys just keep saying it, so...
See... Isn't it almost autumn?
So I told myself "Let's try some other hairstyles!"
So... I'll be trying lots of anime character's hairstyles!
So with that, let's do this!
What kind of anime character’s hairstyle should I do first?
Hmmmm...
Ah! I have long hair, right? So...
Maybe I should do a character with short hair?
With that being said! Here!
There you go!
♪ Chan, chan! ♪
How is it? Do you know what character is this?
She’s from "The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya"...
Nagato Yuki-senpai's hairstyle! Chan, chan!
How is it? Not even close?
Eh... it doesn't suit me...
It would fit me if I change the color!
Pink is the color, right?
What do you think?
There is no way to enliven it...
Yes, unacceptable!
Eeein~
Hey, you know...
It's that...
As I thought, short hair is good too, but...
Because there are a lot of varieties of short hair...
I want to search for a short hairstyle that fits me!
So...
It is about anime characters, right?
I want to go with a popular character that’s still remaining
That being said! Tada!
How is it?
It's white!
When the room is looking so white, you can't really see what's what, right?
Do you know this character?
The correct answer is...
♪ Cha, chan! ♪
Gintoki Sakata from “Gintama”!
Well, ehm...
Let's just give up on that one
Eeein!
A.I.Channel!
With that, welcome to my hair catalogue show!
Cha, chan!
Maybe like this?
Tada!
Weeell!
As expected, my current hairstyle is the best, don't you think?
Ah! But I maybe want to try out a ponytail!
Translated by Loliko, Bararo, and Vortex